Update egress gateway docs (#1067)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud_versioned_docs/version-18/networking/egress/egress-gateway-azure.mdx

EOF
```

> Even with BGP filter, {{prodname}} still advertise pod IP blocks. To prevent {{prodname}} advertising pod IP blocks, it is possible to set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even with the BGP filter, {{prodname}} still advertises pod IP blocks. To prevent {{prodname}} advertising pod IP blocks, it is possible to set
```
